Dear 2IS70 Student,
You are all in the 10:45-12:30 presentation training in MF 3 Friday February 23rd. Please prepare a 3 minute presentation of a hobby, a holiday or why you are a student here - a topic you know, as easy for you as possible. The training is about the how to get the content across, not the content. The preparation is not supposed to take much time, that is not the point. The preparation is so that you get it into 3 minutes, not needing half an hour.
Beste wishes,
Elisabeth Melby

Dear Dimiter,
Thank you for uploading the improved version of your CV, I do appreciate that.
The new has not been graded. What you see is Canvas showing the last result as a default (not helpful in this case). It will not be graded, the fact that it is there, is great and you get more feedback from the panel during the pitch.
Please bring at least 3 copies to your pitch.
Please fill in the reflection assignment afterwards.
I am the one reading through all the reflections and the one merging all the lists. Bring the improved CV, get the most out of the pitch and the reflection, and I am happy and you get a completed from me.
Best wishes,
Elisabeth Melby

Pitch Reflection deadline !!!!
The cut-off for the Pitch reflection is midnight. I still miss a number of reflection. It is a very short reflection, cannot be filled in after Canvas closes the doors for hand-in at the end of the quart....

Times pitches after lunch slightly adjusted
If you pitch after lunch, check the time as there was an error after lunch (13:30 twice)
I have uploaded again. If you see 13:30 twice, you see the old version and need to refresh.

Pitch planning June 2nd- 13th
You are now all in a group with a name indicating day and morning/afternoon. All pitches are in Neuron.

Pick the document covering your pitch group, please check time and location and that you are on the planning. It is all done by hand using 2 screens. All pitches are in Neuron, most on the ground floor, though there are exceptions. If you see any errors, please e-mail e.melby@tue.nl.
My keyboard is set up for Dutch, English and Norwegian - my excuses for lacking support of some names.
Prepare your pitch (max 2 min), bring copies of your CV to the pitch, and get as much as you can out of it.

Pitch scheduling
If you have a day preference for your pitch (time box 15 minutes + walking time), please enroll in the group with a title that suits your needs. (People/Pitch)
I will start making the schedule Monday after lunch and publish before Tuesday lunch.
Your pitch is max 2 minutes, followed by Q&A and ending with feedback, hopefully making it easier for you to get a job/project/... whatever you apply for
Posters
If you want to keep your poster, fetch it before 14:00 or send me an e-mail and hope for the best
regards,
Elisabeth Melby
